I used to deceive myself and was trying
so hard to make myself believe that
money was not important. All that counts
was love. But now I understand life is
not a Disney movie and love without
money is a scam that is being sold to
women to keep them small. Hi guys and
welcome back to my channel. My name is
Michaela and in today's video I will
ruin the delusion that love is all you
need. Let's get into this. First of all,
money is not evil. Men love money and
men do understand that money is power
and freedom. But for some reasons, when
a woman is talking about how important
money is, she's being stumped as a gold
digger. Let's be honest, men want
beautiful woman, they want someone that
looks good, smells good, cooks good,
cleans good, carries their children. And
some of them on top of that want to go
50/50 with the bills. Let me tell you
these type of men you should not even
consider talking to. And I will tell you
exactly why. Reason number one is that
money reflects mindset. You have to know
that men tie their selfworth to
achievement and contribution. Now if a
man is comfortable with doing nothing,
giving nothing, contributing nothing,
this is not only about money. It's about
his mindset. Deep down, it signals that
he lacks drive, ambition, resilience,
discipline, and consistency. And if you
think about it, those are the exact same
qualities that are needed to lead a
family, to protect a family, to protect
a woman, to raise children. The thing
you have to know is that a man's
relationship or status with money always
reflects the relationship that he has
with himself and with his life. Now
another thing that I want to talk about
is that struggle love rewires your
brain. Living in constant financial
stress makes a woman live in survival
mode in fight or flight. Now when you
are as a woman in constant fight or
flight you are being forced to live in
your masculine energy. And when you're
in your masculine energy, you obviously
cannot stay soft. You cannot stay
feminine. You cannot stay open. And it
completely ruins the dynamic between you
and your men. And you will start to be
the one that is always planning, solving
problems, trying to provide and be that
rock that the man is supposed to be.
Also it will rewire your brain that you
connect love with struggle instead of
with abundance and being cherished. This
will make it super hard in future. And
when your brain is already wired to
connect love with suffering and
struggle, you will keep attracting those
same type of relationships. You will
keep attracting men that are more
feminine. You will keep attracting
struggle love over and over again. The
next point I want to talk about is that
provision equals protection. From an
evolutionary perspective, women always
seek men who can provide because
provision means safety. And this has
nothing to do with greed. This is simple
biology. If you're with a man that can
provide financially, emotionally,
physically, can protect, you will feel
calm and safe around him. You will not
feel on edge all the time. You will be
naturally falling into your feminine.
You will be naturally feeling more soft
and open and cherished and also wanting
to nurture and be that warm woman that
every man ultimately wishes to have on
his side. And even if you're trying to
deceive yourself, telling yourself, "Ah,
I don't need money. I have money
myself." If you're with a man who
doesn't provide, who neglects that side
of him, your body knows the truth. You
can tell yourself whatever you want.
Your body knows that love doesn't pay
the bills. Love won't bring food on the
table when you're pregnant. Love won't
provide a roof on top of your head when
it's raining. Your body always knows
resources means safety. And without
safety, you cannot fully relax. Number
four, financial struggle always breeds
conflict. What do you think is the
number one reason for divorce and
breakups? It's not lack of love, it's
lack of money. You have to also be very
honest with yourself and reflect on
that. Lack of provision does not only
not cover the bills, it also ruins
intimacy. It ruins respect. How can you
respect a man that is not willing to
provide, that is not willing to keep you
safe? Even if you're trying to convince
yourself in your head, it's fine. No,
it's not fine. and your body, your
emotions, the way you're showing up with
your man or to your man, it will always
show the truth. Resentment will grow not
only on your side, also on his side. If
you do not feel safe, you cannot be
soft. And if he doesn't have a woman
that is soft and warm next to him, he
will be just as much resenting you for
not being soft as you are resenting him
for not providing. Number five, a broke
man always relies emotionally on you.
Now, this is a very interesting point
because I was always thinking, why am I
ending up always being the mom and the
therapist for the man that I am with?
And that's the exact reason. A man that
is not wired to provide for you, he will
always lean emotionally more on you than
you can lean on him. And even if you
feel needed for a moment and you feel
good because you're literally his mom
and you have some purpose in your life,
at some point you will also end up
resenting him and you will not feel
attracted to him anymore and neither
does he. No man is attracted to his
mother. Number six, masculinity is tied
to resources. In psychology, men who
cannot provide often start to shame the
woman. They hate themsel. Men who cannot
contribute, provide, who do not have
financial resources to make you happy,
they will shame you for it. They hate
themsel first of all. But who do you
think they let it out on? Who do you
think they blame for it? You. Because a
man that doesn't have resources, he
cannot believe that you are actually
with him. Why do you want to be with a
man that has no resources? Why do you
want to be with a man that cannot bring
any benefit to your life? Exactly. It
doesn't make sense to him and neither
should it to you. When a man cannot
provide and you keep him entertained, he
will try to overcompensate it with being
aggressive, with manipulation, even with
controlling because he needs to find a
way to feel like a man again. And if he
cannot do that with provision, but it's
fine for you. He's trying to do that
with other tools. Lack of money will
always make him feel like less of a man.
And when he feels like he's less of a
man, at the core, he feels powerless.
Always keep in mind that true masculine
energy expresses itself in provision and
leadership and not in control,
manipulation, shouting or any other of
these toxic behaviors. Now the last
point, money is proof of discipline. A
man who can earn and manage money
demonstrates skills of delayed
gratification, planning, consistency,
resilience, being reliable. So, if he
can't handle money, the chances are very
high that he also cannot handle a
long-term relationship. And let's not
even talk about marriage or children.
Money is not just currency. It's also
evidence of a man's self-control and
reliability. All in all, I want you to
know that there is nothing wrong with
asking a man to provide for you. It's
actually a normal thing. And if you
don't do it, you are part of the reason
why there are so many men feeling
comfortable with doing nothing, with
cheating, providing nothing, with being
the feminine part in the relationship.
And believe me, there are enough men
outside who have enough money who would
give you everything and do everything
for you just for you to feel safe.
Another thing I want to mention, as much
as I like to talk about money and how
men should always provide for us, it
doesn't mean that a woman should be
dependent on a man. You should never
ever be depending on a man fully. You
should always have your own finances
going on. Keep your money in your bank
account and let him provide for you.
Because ultimately when you do not have
anything in your name, you don't have
anything in your bank account, you are
powerless. It is what it is. And a man
who knows that you're powerless, he is
most likely abusing that power. He knows
that you can't do anything without him
and he will use that against you. So
even if you right now have nothing in
your name, but you are with a wealthy
man or you are with someone that
potentially could provide for you, don't
let him buy you bags. Don't let him buy
you stuff that you ultimately don't
need. Let him send you money in your
bank account. And with that money, you
can build something to grow your own
wealth. Get your finances fixed. Invest
in crypto. Invest in something. do
something. Start a business. Get on
social media. Show yourself. Talk about
your struggles and get your money up.
Honestly, as I always preach, the goal
should not be to have a man providing
everything for you. The goal should be
to be able to provide everything for
yourself and then let a man meet you
there and still provide everything while
you have your own finances. Anyways, I
hope this could help. As always, if you
want to know how to spot a real provider
man and how to make him truly invest in
you, download my ebook, The Queen
Treatment. Link in bio. Thank you so
much for watching. I see you in my next
video. Bye-bye.